Add developer responsiveness badges (#774)
joemasilotti/railsdevs.com: CHANGELOG.md

### February

> * February 27 - Add a badge for developers with a High Response Rate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* February 28 - Add a badge for developers with a high response rate #774 @fig
```
